Mr. Li
You and Miss Huang both drank too much last night
I put you all in your respective rooms
So I left.
I didn't expect the back
Mr. Li, I'm sorry
It's all my fault
If you want to fight or punish me, I will bear it.
That means before you go
I've been in my room the whole time, right?
The surveillance tape broke last night, bro.
That's no coincidence.
You say it's a lie
Or someone else?
No new clues yet.
It happened too suddenly
I didn't think it through.
This is not necessarily done by the emperor
I warned him.
He's a smart guy.
He doesn't joke about the royal future
That's the Xu family
Now I most want you to break up with the royal family
Only them
Xiaomei, go to work first
It's not your fault.
Don't have a psychological burden
I will definitely pay attention to Mr. Li in the future
Shi Zong
You go check out Brother Wang Xuemei
You doubt him?
I don't believe he did it.
But he did have a big heart.